1) [As a staff, I am able to add new products so that when new items are being sold at the store I can add them into the system.]
   Before starting this user stories, Tan Jun Lem had started some research how internet how to design add new product in to system. So 
   after research, he spent 1 day to done this user stories.
  
2) [As a staff, I am allowed to update existing product details so that if certain items details are changed i can edit it accordingly.]
   After finish the add product features, Tan Jun Lem decided to work his 2 user stories on same time which is update and delete the 
   product features.

3) [As a staff, I can delete a product from product lists so that if items are no longer being sold by the store won't be displayed 
   anymore.]
   Tan Jun Lem spend 1 day to done update and delete product features because he had done many research online before start these user
   stories.

4) [As a staff, I am able to view a list of all available products sold by our store so that I can also recommend certain items to 
   customers based on what items they are looking for.]
   Tan Jun Lem spent 1 day to finish this user stories that can let staff to view a list of all available products.

5) [As a staff, I want to be able to filter products in the list based on product type and any specific details so that i can find items 
   faster.]
   After finish list of all available products, Tan Jun Lem spent 1 another 1 day to create a feature to let staff to filter those list 
   products.
   
6) [As a staff, I want to generate report with total sales report so that we will be able to calculate all sales made in a month.]
   Yashua Daniel used 1 day to finish this user stories which is generating total sales reports.
   
7) [As a staff, I want to generate report with sales of products so that can see what items are being sold and at what rate.]
   Yashua Daniel spent 1 day to finish another user stories which are related to reports also. He done writing a code that can generate 
   a reports can see wht items being sold at what rate.
   
8) [As a staff, I want to generate report with the list of products so that can know what products are in inventory.]
   Yashua Daniel spent 1 day to write a code that can generate report with the list of products being sold at the store.
  
9) [As a staff, I want to generate report with the list of customers so that we can know how many new customers and old customers there 
   are over a period of time.]
   Yashua Daniel also spent another 1 day to write the code to generate list of customers.

10)[As a staff, I want to view current market price list of the products so that if a customer asks me I can tell them what the current 
   market price is for some items.]
   Chan Chun Weng total used 2 days to done this feature. First day, he create the UI first. Then second day he proceed with create the
   feature to show the current market prices in the UI.

 11)[As a staff, I can modify the current market price from the price list so that when the market price changes i can alter them 
    accordingly.]
    After he created the UI show the current market prices, he also spent another 1 day to finish the update features. So staff can
    update the market prices.
    
    
    
   

