1) [As a staff, I will be able to add a new customer into the system so that their details are reusable for their next purchases.]
   Tan Jun Lem spents almost 2 days to finish this user stories. He used 1 day to done the form to allowed staff to add new customer and 
   used another day to fixed the form bug/error.
   
2) [As a staff, I will be able to update existing customer details in case certain customers have changed some of their details such as contact details.]
   Tan Jun Lem spents spent 1 day using 7 working hours to finish this user stories which is create the features to let customer update 
   customer details.
   
3) [As a staff, I want to delete a customer from customer list so that customers who have not made purchases over a long time can be removed.]
   Tan Jun Lem spent 2 days to finish this user stories because of unfamiliar with this feature code. So at the end, he is spending 1 day
   to do some online research on how to delete data from database. Then he spent 1 day to created this feature.
   
4) [As a staff, I want to be able to enter customer payment amount so that I can give the customer back his balance if any for his purchases.]
   Yashua Daniel spent 2 days to complete this user stories that related to payment module. He seperate few sub-systems to coding. So he
   can code in a very efficient way.
   
5) [As a staff, I can perform product buying operations with selected customer so that I can buy the customers items.]
   Yashua Daniel also spent 2 days to fnish this user stories. He spent 1 day to complete buying operations and then spent another day to
   debug and fix error.
   
6) [As a staff, I can perform product buying operations with selected customer so that the customer can choose what item they wish to buy.]
   Yashua Daniel used 1 day to finish this user stories which is exchanging feature for the payment and sales module.
   
7) [As a staff, I want to filter customers based on their id, name, phone number and home address.]
   Chan Chun Weng spent 1 day to finish the UI of this user stories. After that, he spent another 1 day to create object to perform testing
   purposes. So he total spent 2 days to finish this user stories.

8) [As a staff, I can perform product buying operations with selected customer so that the customer can choose what item they wish to buy.]
   Chan Chun Weng spent 1 day to finish this user stories which is create selling operations between from staff to customers.
   
9) [As a staff, I want to be able to view the total price of items at checkout so that I can inform the customer of total price of all purchases.]
   Chan Chun Weng spent 2 day to complete above user stories. First of the day, he used to create the functions to store buy from customer
   and customer pay. After that, he merge his code with his friend which is Yashua Danial.
