19 December 2016
Merge all the pull request (feature branch) into master branch and create automated unit test for all function, method, object and class.

20 Demceber 2016
Done acceptance test for 4 user stories which is :
1)As a staff, I will be able to add a new customer into the system so that their details are reusable for their next purchases.
2)As a staff, I want to be able to enter customer payment amount so that I can give the customer back his balance if any for his purchases.
3)As a staff, I want to filter customers based on their id, name, phone number and home address.
4)As a staff, I will be able to update existing customer details in case certain customers have changed some of their details such as contact details.

21 December 2016
Done acceptance test for 4 user stories which is :
1)As a staff, I can perform product buying operations with selected customer so that I can buy the customers items.
2)As a staff, I want to delete a customer from customer list so that customers who have not made purchases over a long time can be removed.
3)As a staff, I can perform product buying operations with selected customer so that the customer can choose what item they wish to buy.
4)As a staff, I want to be able to view the total price of items at checkouts that can inform the customer of total price of all purchases.

22 December 2016
Done acceptance test for 4 user stories which is :
1)As a staff, I am able to add new products so that when new items are being sold at the store I can add them into the system
2)As a staff, I want to generate report with total sales of products so that we will be able to calculate all sales made in a month.
3)As a staff, I want to generate report with products so that can see what items are being sold and at where rate.
4)As a staff, I am allowed to update existing product details so that if certain items details are changed I can edit is accordingly.

23 December 2016
Done acceptance test for 4 user stories which is :
1)As a staff, I can delete a product form product lists so that if items are no longer being sold by the store won’t be displayed any more.
2)As a staff, I want to view current market price list of the products so that if a customer asks me I can tell them what the current market price.
3)As a staff, I want to generate report with the list of products so that can know what products are inventory.
4)As a staff, I am able to view a list of all available products sold by our store so that I can also recommend certain items to customers based on what items they are looking for. 

24 December 2016
Done acceptance test for 4 user stories which is :
1)As a staff, I am able to perform product exchange operations with selected customer so that the customer can exchange certain items for other items.
2)As a staff, I can modify the current market price from the price list so that when the market price changes I can alter them accordingly.
3)As a staff, I want to generate report with the list of customers so that we can know how many new customers and old customers there are over a period of time.
4)As a staff, I want to be able to filter products in the list based on product type and any specific details so that I can find item faster.

25 December 2016
Allocate task for report that wanted to submit and work together at CITC.
