After finish first iteration, we have conduct a sprint review to review the feautures, give feedback about the emerging product and discuss
new ideas to add to the product backlog.

From Yashua Daniel(scrum team) prespective, he said that currently the payment system allows for customers to do exchanges with the store 
using jewellery also now the system is able to calculate total costs of a customers purchase by getting the total price of items purchased,
subtracting the exchange costs. Furthermore it also allows the store to now be able to buy jewelry items from their customers as well. 
About the emerging product, Daniel feel for the payment module to be completed now mostly what is needed is set costs of each item being 
sold and have the prices be based of current market prices. Lastly, Daniel suggested that our system should have a comprehensive report 
feature to generate reports based of important information such as total profit in a month and even getting amount of items sold over a 
period of time.

From Tan Jun Lem(scrum team) prespective, he said that currently the add new customer features allows the staff to add the new customer 
into the system. The design of the form is only request the important details of the customer which can reduce the workload of the staff.
Moreover, the update and delete customer is a function that allow the staff to manage the customer account that suit the company business
rule in order to manage the customer data effectively and efficiently. About the add new,update and delete customer function are completed 
and suit for the company business rule. The reduce workload is one of the aim of our systme design. Lastly, Jun Lem purposed that our 
system should has the feautes that allows the staff to add, update and delete the products. The staff should quickly update the product 
details which is follow the market such as availability of products and product prices.

From Chan Chun Weng(scrum team) prespective, he said that currently the customer list page allows the staffs to filter based on the 
customer id, name, phone number and home address criteria using only single text box provided. Then, staffs can do selling operation to
customer and also able to view the total price for purchasing items at the checkout page and to inform the customer. Current the features
that stated just now are completed, but there's still one feature to be add in is market price list to let the staff know about the current
market price of each products. Lastly, Chun Weng suggested that our system should have a window to list out all different market price and 
also allows the staff to alter it accordingly.

From Teh Teck Yong(scrum master) prespective, I feel that features that commit by my team at the first iteration are work well because I 
had tested it personally. But the whole system are actually not done yet, still have a lot of features/functions need to add in. After I 
note down those features/functions my team suggested and purposed, I will add it into product backlog with others features/functions that 
need to add in that in my mind.

