After finish second iteration, we have conduct a sprint review to review the feautures, give feedback about the emerging product and discuss
new ideas to add to the product backlog.

From Yashua Daniel(scrum team) prespective, he said that this iteration most features were on generating reports for the store. Example,
from getting the rate of wihch items were being sold to the number of new and old customers that come to the store. Furthermore, he also 
said that these reports are expected to be useful so that the company can do things to further improve their appeal and income. At last,
he suggested that the system should maybe add more UI features to the screens that the staff view to be more clear and easy to understand
and handle more situations. Also set the text and contrast to allow even semi colour blind users to see the contents.

From Tan Jun Lem(scrum team) prespective, he said that currently the filter product feature allows the staff to filter product. The design
is important for the staff to help the staff to find the items quickly and that item is the customer going to buy. Moreover, the filter
feature cna provides certain category for the staff to find the items from company store quickly and efficiently. Also, this filter feature
applied the company business rules in order to help the staff to reduce redundant workloads. Besides, he said the filter features are 
suit the company business rules and also the process of filter is fast, effective and efficient for staff use. At last, he also suggested
our system should included many category to let staff to filter the products.

From Chan Chun Weng(scrum team) prespective, he said that he created a frame to show current market price and also allow staff to edit the
market price aoccordingly. He also mentioned that this feature is to control the market price because is important to the owner in order 
to keep the market price up to date and helps to earn the accurate amount based on the current market price. At last, he also suggested
our system should improve the UI design to be a bit more colour than current one so that user doesn't get bored when working hours get
longer and maybe add in a little bit of animations.

From Teh Teck Yong(scrum master) prespective, I feel that features that commit by my team at the second iteration are very good and useful 
especially the reports part. I hope that those features can helps us to increase our users and company sales. Others than put in the 
suggested features from you all to product backlog, I also had collect some feedback from our customer to add in more features in to the
system.

