After finish first iteration, we having a sprint retrospective to discuss about what worked well,what didn't work well and any changes
would like to make for the next sprint.

From Chan Chun Weng(scrum team) presepctive, he feel that by using pivotal tracker along with github, it easier to trace what they had done 
and what is their current task they should do, that way it keep them on the track. So at the first iteration he said that every of the team 
member are keep on track with each others well. But for him something doesn't goes well which is some required steps was forgetten to 
include and also sometimes misunderstood the correct progress to get both pivotal tracker and github to work together. He suggested that in 
the next sprint, when others scrum team member facing problem on how to use pivotal tracker and github can ask help from others or seek
online tutorial to improve.

From Yashua Daniel(scrum team) presepective, he feel that by using pivotal tracker and github concurrently to keep track of all work being
done made doing work easier as everything was planned and organized. But he also said that learning the use of pivotal tracker and github
together to keep track of project progress required time and many erros in commits and pull request were made since he made few error in
the first iteration while learning pivotal tracker and github. He suggested to next iteration scrum team member that learn how to use 
github and pivotal tracker more to make tracing of group progress better.

From Tan Jun Lem(scrum team) prespective, he feel that github and pivotal tracker allow them to have discussions through internet and 
without setting together. Besides, the pivotal tracker and github has the association linked that could track our work and allows the team
members to review and give the feedback immediately. But he also said that github is required some basic knowledge about how to use it to
prevent team members to make erros. For an example, if a team member that he or she commits file wrongly, he or she need to delete and 
uploadd the file again. This will reduce the efficiency works to a team and also increase the workloads to a team. So he suggested the 
scrum master should always give intrusction precisely to his or her team members in order to avoid others team member to make erros when
uploading or committing file. Also the team member should always follow the instructions that given by the scrum master.

From Teh Teck Yong(scrum master) prespective, I feel that in the first iteration with using pivotal tracker and github me and my team member
are linked together. I can keep my eye on their task. Which task are they current doing and takes how long and also the current task is on
which stage. Besides, everyone are submitting their task on time. Others than that, the only things doesn't goes well in the first iteration
are scrum team member are not familliar with pivotal tracker and github. So they are spending most of the time on fixing errors. Since
everyone started to familiar with pivotal tracker and github, I think next iteration will be more effiency which our team can done more
task than previous iteration.
