After finish second iteration, we having a sprint retrospective to discuss about what worked well,what didn't work well and any changes
would like to make for the next sprint.

From Tan Jun Lem(scrum team) prespective, he mentioned that github allow our team to have discussions through internet and without sitting
together. Besides, github allows our team to commend other teammate's code if the coding has some erros or redundants code he or she may
asked by the viewer to change his or her code. In this situation, the team member can remind him or her through github's review and commend.
Our team fully utilize the github feature and improve our efficientcy when coding. Besides, he feels that github required some basic 
knowledge about how to use it to prevent redundant workload. If the programmer did not link the user story that is in the pivotal tracker 
to github, there is no association between them. He said that he always forget to type [#ID] when he wants to commit his coding or upload 
his coding. Also, when his user story is going to finish, he always forget to type [Finishes #ID]. So this always make his user story 
cant be delivered to the tester to reject or accept his story. Lastly, he feels that our team can improve by scrum master should tell his
team member about the instruction precisely in the first time. Also the scrum master and team members should always communicate well before
the team member do their own part or feature every time.

From Chan Chun Weng(scrum team) presepctive, he feels that everythings works smooth as planned and all problem that occurred during this
iteration can be solved with ease. He mentioned that sometimes he missed out some important steps and resulting merged wrongly and have to
revert and redo again the spefici taks which is take more time to complete an user story. Lastly, he suggested we can imporve our team
by reffering more reading material and ask question online for their problem.

From Yashua Daniel(scrum team) presepective, he said that no problems arrived during coding and any problems that we had were dealt with
easily. But he also said that due to his some poor programming habits inputted in some of his code. Some of his code is rejected by
reviewers. Lastly, he said that possibly improve ability of staff to be able to refactor their code on their own and have training sessions
to teach the staff of code smells and refactoring so that we can improve our team efficiency and effectiveness.

From Teh Teck Yong(scrum master) prespective, I feels that everything in the second iteration are better than first itetarion, because I 
not need keep repeating the flow. All my team member are familliar with the flow and when meeting problem, our team problem solving skill
are awesome. They can handle those problem by themselve. But the few thing went wrong, is still have team member that are keep forgeting 
the github and pivotal tracker flow. This make me need to guide them 1 by 1 the step and is wasting much more time. I feels self improvement
are important, our team member should always update their knowledge by themselves. For an example, reading books and study online metarial or
something related to current technology things.
